hi guys welcome to the shed skatepark
Australia's biggest and best indoor
skatepark
I'm Renton Miller I'm a professional
skateboarder and this is my new
playground
[Music]
it has everything any skater or writer
could want in a skate park
there's the ramps for crew like me the
vert ramp and the bowl and a mad big
street set up with a resi ramp and foam
pit for the beer mixes not to mention
the skate shop a cafe and more viewing
areas and a Coliseum let's start with
something close to my heart
the vert ramp this baby's been created
with experience and developed riders in
mind and it's just under 14 foot it also
has a two-foot rolling for those wanting
extra speed
[Music]
you'll notice that the whole park is
covered in a new type of surface
it's called Red's ramp surface which is
a local version of a US product which is
using all of your favorite proton tests
on the telly the surface delivers a
smooth and fast ride especially here on
the bowl the ball is an amazing
construction with so many lines that you
could never tire riding of it and about
two meters tall it's my personal vote is
the best mid-sized Bowl in Australia
that all you've got
and this street cost bubbles are mine
there's so many options for everybody
with your intersecting one obstacle or
doing lines just Street cross has
something to offer for hardcore Street
guys Park eyes or even the biggest pani
fans for beer mixes there are splines
hips flip box and a tombstone the
skaters well could be passed by a rail
like this or this and how about this
hubba or everyone's favourite a euro gap
the has some special training ramps
that I usually only see when I travel
and skate in the US a resi which is a
quarter pipe that is a soft Ram
providing for a softer landing it's made
using a foam covered plastic and
polyethylene especially great for BMXers
and of course everyone's favorite the
fountain anyway this place is huge and
there's something here for everybody I
used to come here as a kid and I'm so
stoked we had to come back and shred
this amazing setup I'll be here all the
time